update(v6-migration): ensemble matching (#28)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/basics/options.md

includeSingleEpisodes: false,
```

### `seasonFromEpisodes`

| Config file name     | CLI short form | CLI long form            | Format    | Default |
| -------------------- | -------------- | ------------------------ | --------- | ------- |
| `seasonFromEpisodes` | `N/A`          | `--season-from-episodes` | `boolean` | `false` |

> Set this to `true` to aggregate/join single episodes to season packs when they are sent to `cross-seed` for search or RSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `true`, `cross-seed` will also aggregate individual episodes into season packs for searching (when applicable) or to match with season packs from rss/announce.
```

#### `seasonFromEpisodes` Examples (CLI)

```shell

> cross-seed search --season-from-episodes # will combine episodes into season packs if possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cross-seed search --season-from-episodes # will also combine episodes into season packs if possible
```
